MCLOUD-5624: Unable to enable sending email in the docker (#7620)
magento/devdocs: src/cloud/docker/docker-config.md

## Set up email

> The [MailHog] service included by default as replacement for Sendmail. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default {{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} configuration includes the [MailHog] service as a replacement for the Sendmail service because Sendmail can cause performance issues in the local  Docker environment.
```

> To view outgoing emails, open the MailHog service in the browser: `http://magento2.docker:8025`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the MailHog service is installed, go to the following URL to open the service and view outgoing emails: `http://magento2.docker:8025`
```

> The default {{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} configuration includes the [MailHog] service as a replacement for the Sendmail service because Sendmail can cause performance issues in the local  Docker environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The default {{ site.data.var.mcd-prod }} configuration includes the [MailHog] service as a replacement for the Sendmail service because Sendmail can cause performance issues in the local  Docker environment.

```
